JEFF
 THE FICTIONAL STORY ABOUT A FICTIONAL CHARACTER NAMED JEFF
 AGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
1
Jeff was a simple man, he always inhaled his soup when he played the violin. He was not good at the violin. He practiced so hard till the FBI came to stop him because people were going deaf. Even in the hospital (which is where the FBI put him) he played the violin and got charged $300,000 for killing a chicken with his skills.
2
Jeff has a super power, he could move stuff with his violin playing because its still terrible. With his new found skill he moved himself so fast earth ran away of  
fear. Since he had nothing else to lose he went light speed and got transported to the barrier of the 4th wall. The 4th wall was impressed at his skills and made Jeff cease to exist. Jeff does not want to cease to exist though so he is fine.
3
After Jeff denied being ceased to exist he took out his jail-broken Nintendo 3ds and started playing mario kart. His skills at mario kart were as good as his violin skills: deadly. He was so bad at Mario kart that when the 4th wall peeked over his shoulder to look he broke (not die because he's a wall). That concludes the Mario kart 4th wall break something something something.
4
After the 4th wall broke Jeff went to the 4th dimension because he was curious and the 3rd dimension was scared of him. The 4th dimension was scary because it contained Fred; Jeff's worst nightmare(s).
5
Jeff use quick attack!
Fred took 2 hearts of damage.
Fred only has 1 heart 'cause he's a human so he died.
6
Jeff inhaled Fred to obtain his power so, Jeff looked like a Jeff that came out of Chernobyl. Jeff grew a 3rd arm and he trained it to hold his violin because, he has no backpack. He then went back to the 4th wall to fix it up so others wont come through. After Jeff did a victory dance he spoke his first word. "Jeff" he said. Then a 1 ton anvil crushed him in the most comical way possible, yet he survived because he's the main character.
7
After Mr. Man Dude survived he went on the yellow brick road and got so hungry he ate... the air. Jeff was a super human and my evidence for that is "trust me bro". Jeff was so bored he made a time machine to go back in time and kidnapped the FBI. They danced so hard they duplicated till the simulation crashed uncovering the truth: FRANK IS THE ALL POWERFUL.
8
Frank was so powerful he was powerful (cool right?). Jeff was curious about the discovery so he went to chat with Frank to get to know him like a good friend. Frank did not know the concept of friendship so he got mad.
9
Jeff: Hey, how's your day been.
Frank: Good???
Jeff: Cool, well I'm bored so wanna play Mario Kart on my jail-broken 3ds?
Frank: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jeff: I'ma take that as a yes and go set up the 3ds.
Frank: NOOOOO!!!
10
Frank the proceeded to fight the dude that is named Jeff. They fought till they didn't and I'm not willing to type a fight scene so here is the placeholder (use your imagination).

<Insert Epic Fight Scene Here>
11
The winner of the fight is; DRUMROLL PLEASE!!!: Frank; because I say so and Frank seems like a cool character to add to the "THE FICTIONAL STORY ABOUT A FICTIONAL CHARACTER NAMED JEFF". Frank was so cool his name was Frank and not Frankk.
12
Jeff was devastated that he lost so, in response he became friends with Frank so they would be nice to each other. They then T-posed like a broken source engine game with no animations because it was a source game all along. Once they came to the absurd realization they took a nap 'cause it was past their bedtime.