Jeff Chapter 2:
(Being capable of reading old English is useful in this chapter)
1
<The Next Day>
Jeff woke up and attacked Frank till he was awake even tho Frank broke 205 bones (including his spinal column). They then proceeded to dab each other and it was so powerful Jeff got magic (more violin). Using the magic he went to go play Minecraft but, in real life. (Specifically Minecraft Java 26.3)
2
He then proceeded to cut down every tree in the whole biome which is plains. He currently has 20 stacks of 64 oak logs to build a mansion and who knows why he spent the 1st day doing this. The sun looks at him the wrong way and he plays his violin so, the sun turns into a supernova because his skills are so bad.
3
The supernova is so powerful Jeff named the supernova: Nova because superNOVA. Frank then decided to join Jeff on his Minecraft adventure. They used magic to get a cardboard box but this is Minecraft so it didn't work.

Jeff: Lets go diamond mining!
Frank: No
Jeff: Why?
Frank: Zombies scary
Jeff: So? We just use my violin
Frank: Oh, yea I forgot about that

4
DIAMOND MINING!!!

1 Diamond
2 Diamond
3 Diamond 4

5 Diamond
6 Diamond
7 Diamond MORE!

8 Diamond
9 Diamond
10 Diamond THOR!!!
Wait why is Thor here?
5
Thor: I am Thor

Jeff With A G: Hark! Thor, if thine own self be truly thine own self, make it manifest unto me that thou art not I!

Thor: No

Jeff With A G: Hark, sirrah! Unfold thy cluttered thoughts and stretch the canvas of thy speech, for thou must expound, enlarge, and paint with the grandest strokes of thy quill upon this selfsame declaration!

Thor: Hark! Nay signifieth naught but nay!

Jeff With A G: Hark! Mine ears do deceive me, for thy strange parlance doth utterly confound my wits!

Frank: What in the broken unicycle land of doom at 9:28 pm EST Feb/5/2019 is happening?

Jeff With A G and Thor in unison: Hark, hark, hark! Whither gazeth mine eyes, if not upon the wretched visage of Frank?

Frank: By what manner of churlish insolence darest thou besmirch mine honor, thou mewling hedge-pig?

Jeff: Verily, even a block-headed churl could see it, lest his brain-pan be filled with curdled milk!